#Compiler Construction
CS F363<br/>
2nd Semester 2014-15<br/>
Birla Institute of Technology and Sciences

A compiler for a new language, named *	*	C--*	*	, a subset of C with a few unique features<br/>
Stage 3 Submission - 24th April, 2015<br/>
Made By:-	**Shubham Gupta** and **Ravi Shankar Pandey**<br/>

##COMPILATION AND EXECUTION - 

1. Run the makefile to automate the compilation by running the command "make" (quotes for clarity only).

2. To execute the compiler, the command is:
	./compiler_c-- ./testcases/source_filename
		
3. Output Files are -
	3.1    Lexer Output	-	source_filename_temp_lex
	3.2    Parser Output	-	source_filename_pt.txt
	3.3    Scope Graph	-	source_filename_temp_lex_sg.txt
	3.4    Symbol Table 	-	source_filename_temp_lex_symbol_table.txt
	3.5    Abstract Syntax Tree -	source_filename_ast.txt
	3.6    Decorated AST 	-	source_filename_deco_ast.txt


##GRAMMAR
*	LL(1) Compatible


##LEXICAL ANALYZER
*	Completely Working.
*	Input - Source Code written in C--
*	Tokenizes the input program source code into meaningful lexemes.
*	Flags syntax error for invalid tokens.
*	Output - Tokenized Stream with length of lexeme, lexeme and line number of lexeme


##PARSER
*	Completely Working
*	Input - Output generated by Lexer, Grammar, List of Terminals and Non Terminals and Parse Table
*	Implements various functions for syntax checking by parsing the extracted tokens.
*	Output - Concrete Syntax Tree along with partial Abstract Syntax Tree(AST).

##SEMANTIC ANALYZER
*	Completely Working
*	Various Type Checking and Semantic Analysis rules are attached hereby.
*	This module validates the rules and generates the AST.
*	Input - Takes the Parse Tree as input
*	Output- AST and Decorated AST


##SYMBOL TABLE
*	Completely Working
*	Structure of the Symbol table is made from the parse*	The type extraction is done from the semantic analysis module.
*	It extracts the type of all the variables and checks for their declaration.
*	Input - Takes the Parse Tree as input
*	Output- Scope Graph and Symbol Table